## Meeting of Directors

14. Place of Meeting: Meetings of the board of directors may be held either at the head office or at any place within or outside Ontario.

15. **Notice**: A meeting of directors may be convened by the Chairperson of the board (if any and if so authorized by Special Resolution of the Corporation), the President, a VicePresident who is a director or any two directors at any time. The Secretary, when directed or authorized by any of such officers or any two directors, shall convene a meeting of directors.
The notice of meeting convened as aforesaid need not specify the purpose of or the business to be transacted at the meeting. Notice of any such meeting shall be served in the manner specified in paragraph 56 of this By-law not less than two (2) days (exclusive of the day on which the notice is delivered or sent but inclusive of the day for which notice is given) before the meeting is to take place; provided always that a director may in any manner and at any time waive notice of a meeting of directors and attendance of a director at a meeting of directors shall constitute a waiver of notice of the meeting except where a director attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business on the grounds that the meeting is not lawfully called; provided further that meetings of directors may be held at any time without notice if all the directors are present (except where a director attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business on the grounds that the meeting is not lawfully called) or if all of the absent directors waive notice before or alter the date of such meeting.
If the first meeting of the board of directors following the election of directors by the members is held immediately thereafter, then for such meeting or for a meeting of the board of directors at which a director is appointed to fill a vacancy in the board, no notice shall be necessary to the newly elected or appointed directors or director in order to legally constitute the meeting, provided that a quorum of the directors is present.

16. **Error or Omission in Giving Notice**: No error or accidental omission in giving notice of any meeting of directors shall invalidate such meeting or make void any proceedings taken at such meeting.

17. **Adjournment**: Any meeting of directors may be adjourned from time to time by the chairperson of the meeting, with the consent of the meeting, to a fixed time and place. Notice of any adjourned meeting of directors is not required to be given if the time and place of the adjourned meeting is announced at the original meeting. Any adjourned meeting shall be duly constituted if held in accordance with the terms of the adjournment and a quorum is present thereat. The directors who formed a quorum at the original meeting are not required to form the quorum at the adjourned meeting. If there is no quorum present at the adjourned meeting, the original meeting shall be deemed to have terminated forthwith after its adjournment. Any business may be brought before or dealt with at any adjourned meeting which might have been brought before or dealt with at the original meeting in accordance with the notice calling the same.

18. **Regular Meetings**: The board of directors may appoint a day or days in any month or months for regular meetings of the board of directors at a place or hour to be named by the board of directors and a copy of any resolution of the board of directors fixing the place and time of regular meetings of the board of directors shall be sent to each director forthwith after being passed, but no other notice shall be required for any such regular meetings.

9. **Quorum**: The number of directors which shall form a quorum for the transaction of business shall be that which is set out in the Letters Patent or a Special Resolution of the Corporation and, in the event of no such provision, a majority of the directors shall form a quorum for the transaction of business. Notwithstanding any vacancy among the directors, a quorum of directors may exercise all the powers of directors.

20. **Voting**: Each director is authorized to exercise one ( 1 ) vote. Questions arising at any meeting of directors shall be decided by a majority of votes. In case of an equality of votes the chairperson of the meeting in addition to an original vote shall have a second or casting vote.
 
 21. **Telephone Participation**: If all the directors of the Corporation consent, a meeting of directors may be held by means of such telephone, electronic or other communication facilities as permit all persons participating in the meeting to hear each other simultaneously and instantaneously, and a director participating in such meeting by such means is deemed to be present at that meeting.
 