## Officers

28. **Appointment**: The board of directors shall annually or more often as may be required, elect a President and Secretary, and if authorized by Special Resolution of the Corporation, a Chairperson of the board, from among themselves and if deemed advisable may appoint annually or more often as may be required one or more Vice-Presidents, a Treasurer and one or more Assistant Secretaries and/or one or more Assistant Treasurers. A director may be appointed to any office of the Corporation but, subject to Section 291 of the Act, none of the said officers except the Chairperson of the board and the President need be a director or member of the Corporation. Two or more of the aforesaid offices may be held by the same person. In case and whenever the same person holds the offices of Secretary and Treasurer that person may but need not be known as the Secretary-Treasurer. The board of directors may from time to time appoint such other officers and agents as it shall deem necessary who shall have such authority and shall perform such duties as may from time to time be prescribed by the board of directors.

29. **Vacancies**. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each incumbent officer shall continue in office until the earlier of:

	1. that officer's resignation, which resignation shall be effective at the time the written resignation is received by the Secretary of the Corporation or at the time specified in the resignation, whichever is later;

	1. the appointment of a successor;

	1. that officer ceasing to be a director or member if such is a necessary qualification of appointment;

	1. the meeting at which the directors annually appoint the officers of the Corporation;

	1. that officer's removal;

	1. that officer's death.

If the office of any officer of the Corporation shall be or become vacant the directors by resolution may appoint a person to fill such vacancy.

30. **Remuneration of Officers**. The remuneration of all officers appointed by the board of directors shall be determined from time to time by resolution of the board of directors [except that no officer who is also a director shall be entitled to receive remuneration for acting as such]. All officers shall be entitled to be reimbursed for reasonable expenses incurred in the performance of the officer's duties.

31. **Removal of Officers**. All officers, in the absence of agreement to the contrary, shall be subject to removal by resolution of the board of directors at any time, with or without cause.

33. **Duties of Officers may be Delegated**. In case of the absence or inability to act of any officer of the Corporation or for any other reason that the board of directors may deem sufficient, the board of directors may delegate all or any of the powers of any such officer to any other officer or to any director for the time being.

33. **Powers and Duties**. All officers shall sign such contracts, documents or instruments in writing as require their respective signatures and shall respectively have and perform all powers and duties incident to their respective offices and such other powers and duties respectively as may from time to time be assigned to them by the board of directors. The duties of the officers shall include:

	1. Chairperson of the board. Where the Corporation by Special Resolution provides for the election by the directors of a Chairperson of the board from among themselves, the directors may define the duties, and may assign to the Chairperson of the board any or all of the duties of the President or other officer of the Corporation, and in that case the Special Resolution shall fix and prescribe the duties of the President.

	1. President. The President shall be the chief executive officer of the Corporation unless otherwise determined by resolution of the board of directors. The President shall be a director and shall be vested with and may exercise all of the powers and perform all of the duties of the Chairperson of the board in the event that there Is no Chairperson of the board, or where there is a Chairperson of the board and such person is absent or refuses to act.

	1. Vice-President. The Vice-President or, if more than one, the Vice-Presidents, in order of seniority, shall be vested with all the powers and shall perlbrm all the duties of the President in the absence or inability or refusal to act of the President: provided, however, that a Vice President who is not a director shall not preside as chairperson at any meeting of the board of directors or of committees of directors, if any, and that a Vice-President who is not a director and member shall not, subject to paragraph 48 of this By-law, preside at any meeting of members.

	1. Secretary. The Secretary shall give or cause to be given notices for all meetings of the board of directors or the executive committee, if any, and members when directed to do so and have charge of the corporate seal of the Corporation, the minute books of the Corporation and of the documents and registers referred to in Section 300 of the Act.

	1. Treasurer. Subject to the provisions of any resolution of the board of directors, the Treasurer shall have the care and custody of all the funds and securities of the Corporation and shall deposit the same in the name of the Corporation in such bank or banks or with such depository or depositories as the board of directors may direct. The Treasurer shall keep or cause to be kept the requisite books of account and accounting records. The Treasurer may be required to give such bond for the faithful performance of the Treasurer's duties as the board of directors in their uncontrolled discretion may require but no director shall be liable for failure to require any bond or for the insufficiency of any bond or for any loss by reason of the failure of the Corporation to receive any indemnity thereby provided.

	1. Assistant Secretary and Assistant Treasurer. The Assistant Secretary or, if more than one, the Assistant Secretaries in order of seniority, and the Assistant Treasurer or, if more than one, the Assistant Treasurers in order of seniority, shall respectively perform all the duties of the Secretary and the Treasurer, respectively, in the absence or inability or refusal to act of the Secretary or the Treasurer, as the case may be.

	1. Executive Director. The board of directors may from time to time appoint an Executive Director and may delegate to that person full power to manage and direct the business and affairs of the Corporation (except such matters and duties as by law must be transacted or performed by the board of directors and/or by the members) and to employ and discharge agents and employees of the Corporation or may delegate to that person any lesser authority. The
	Executive Director shall conform to all lawful orders given by the board of directors of the Corporation and shall at all reasonable times give to the directors or any of them all information they may require regarding the affairs of the Corporation.

34. For the Protection of Directors and Officers. Except as otherwise provided in the Act no director or officer for the time being of the Corporation shall be liable for the acts, receipts, neglects or defaults of any other director or officer or employee or tbr any loss, damage or expense happening to the Corporation through the insufficiency or deficiency of title to any property acquired by the Corporation or for or on behalf of the Corporation or for the insufficiency or deficiency of any security in or upon which any of the moneys of or belonging to the Corporation shall be placed out or invested or for any loss or damage arising from the bankruptcy, insolvency or tortious act of any person including any person with whom any moneys, securities or effects shall be lodged or deposited or for any loss, conversion, misapplication or misappropriation of or any damage resulting from any dealings with any moneys, securities or other assets belonging to the Corporation or for any other loss, damage or misfortune whatever which may happen in the execution of the duties of the director's or officer's respective office or trust or in relation thereto unless the same shall happen by or through the director's or officer's own willful neglect or default.

35. Indemnities to Directors and Others. Every director or officer of the Corporation or other person who has undertaken or is about to undertake any liability on behalf of the Corporation or any corporation controlled by it and their heirs, executors and administrators, and estate and effects, respectively, shall from time to time and at all times, be indemnified and saved harmless out of the funds of the Corporation, from and against

	1. all costs, charges and expenses whatsoever which such director, officer or other person sustains or incurs in or about any action, suit or proceeding that Is brought, commenced or prosecuted against the director, officer or other person for or in respect of any act, deed matter or thing whatever, made, done or permitted by them, in or about the execution of the duties of such office or in respect of any such liability; and

	1. all other costs, charges and expenses which the director, officer or other person sustains or incurs in or about or in relation to the affairs thereof,

except such costs, charges or expenses as are occasioned by their own willful neglect or default.

The Corporation shall also indemnity any such person in such other circumstances as the Act or law permit or requires. Nothing in this By-law shall limit the right of any person entitled to indemnity to claim indemnity apart from the provisions of this By-law to the extent permitted by the Act or law.

36. Conflict of Interest. A director who is in any way directly or indirectly interested in a contract or proposed contract with the Corporation shall make the disclosure required by the Act. Except as provided by the Act, no such director shall vote on any resolution to approve any such contract. In supplement of and not by way of limitation upon any fights conferred upon directors by Section 71 of the Act and specifically subject to the provisions contained in that section, it is declared that no director shall be disqualified by any such office from, or vacate any such office by reason of. holding any office or place of profit under the Corporation or under any corporation in which the Corporation shall be a shareholder or by reason of being otherwise in any way directly or indirectly interested or contracting with the Corporation as vendor, purchaser or otherwise or being concerned in any contract or arrangement made or proposed to be entered into with the Corporation in which the director is in any way directly or indirectly interested as vendor, purchaser or otherwise. Subject to compliance with the Act, no contract or arrangement entered into by or on behalf of the Corporation in which any director shall be in any way directly or indirectly interested shall be voided or voidable and no director shall be liable to account to the Corporation or any of its members or creditors for any profit realized by or from any such contract or arrangement by reason of any fiduciary relationship.

37. Submission of Contracts or Transactions to Members for Approval. The board of directors in its discretion may submit any contract, act or transaction with the Corporation for approval or ratification at any annual meeting of the members or at any general meeting of the members called for the purpose of considering the same and, subject to the provisions of Section 71 of the Act, any such contract, act or transaction that shall be approved or ratified or confirmed by a resolution passed by a majority of the votes cast at any such meeting (unless any different or additional requirement is imposed by the Act or by the Letters Patent) shall be as valid and as binding upon the Corporation and upon all the members as though it had been approved, ratified or confirmed by every member of the Corporation.
