## Notices

56. **Service**. Any notice or other document required by the Act, the Regulations, the Letters Patent, or the By-laws to be sent to any member or director or to the auditor shall be delivered personally or sent by prepaid mail or by telegram or cable or facsimile to any such member or director at their latest address as shown in the records of the Corporation and to the auditor at its business address, or if no address be given therein then to the last address of such member or director known to the Secretary; provided always that notice may be waived or the time for the notice may be waived or abridged at any time with the consent in writing of the person entitled thereto.

57. **Signature to Notices**. The signature of any director or officer of the Corporation to any notice or document to be given by the Corporation may be written, stamped, typewritten or printed or partly written, stamped, typewritten or printed.

58. **Computation of Time**. Where a given number of days' notice or notice extending over a period is required to be given under the By-laws, letters patent or supplementary letters patent of the Corporation the day of service or posting of the notice shall not, unless it is otherwise provided be counted in such number of days or other period.

59. **Proof of Service**. With respect to every notice or other document sent by post it shall be sufficient to prove that the envelope or wrapper containing the notice or other document was properly addressed as provided in paragraph 56 of this By-law and put into a Post Office or into a letter box. A certificate of an officer of the Corporation in office at the time of the making of the certificate as to facts in relation to the sending or delivery of any notice or other document to any member, director, officer or auditor or publication of any notice or other document shall be conclusive evidence thereof and shall be binding on every member, director, officer or auditor of the Corporation as the case may be.

60. **Auditors**.    The members shall at each annual meeting appoint an auditor to audit the accounts of the Corporation for report to members who shall hold office until the next following annual meeting; provided, however, that the directors may fill any casual vacancy in the office of the auditor. If an appointment is not so made, the auditor in office must continue until a successor is appointed. The remuneration of the auditor shall be fixed by the members or by the directors if they are authorized to do so by the members and the remuneration of an auditor appointed by the directors shall be fixed by the directors. The members may by resolution passed by at least two-thirds of the votes cast at a general meeting of which notice of intention to pass the resolution has been given, remove any auditor before the expiration of the auditor's term of office and shall by a majority of the votes cast at that meeting appoint another auditor in such auditor's stead for the remainder of the term.
